# # ConferenceStatusWebhook

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**request_type** | **string** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be conferenceRecordingStatus - The statusCallbackUrl request includes Recording information for a Conference that ended. | [optional]
**call_id** | **string** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional]
**account_id** | **string** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional]
**from** | **string** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional]
**to** | **string** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional]
**call_status** | [**\FreeClimb\Api\Model\CallStatus**](CallStatus.md) |  | [optional]
**direction** | [**\FreeClimb\Api\Model\CallDirection**](CallDirection.md) |  | [optional]
**conference_id** | **string** | Unique ID of the Conference. | [optional]
**queue_id** | **string** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional]
**status** | [**\FreeClimb\Api\Model\ConferenceStatus**](ConferenceStatus.md) |  | [optional]
**recording_url** | **string** | The URL of the Conference’s recorded audio. Populated only if a Recording exists and the Conference was emptied. Present only if statusCallbackUrl is being invoked. | [optional]
**recording_id** | **string** | The unique ID of the Recording from this Conference. Populated only if a Recording exists and the Conference was emptied. Present only if statusCallbackUrl is being invoked. | [optional]
**recording_duration_sec** | **int** | The duration of the recorded audio rounded up to the nearest second (in seconds). Populated only if a Recording exists and the Conference was emptied. Present only if statusCallbackUrl is being invoked. | [optional]

## Example

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');

$json = <<<'JSON'
{
  "requestType": "conferenceStatus",
  "callId": "string",
  "accountId": "string",
  "from": "string",
  "to": "string",
  "callStatus": "queued",
  "direction": "inbound",
  "conferenceId": "string",
  "queueId": "string",
  "status": "empty",
  "recordingUrl": "https://www.example.com",
  "recordingId": "string",
  "recordingDurationSec": 0
}
JSON;

// create an instance of ConferenceStatusWebhook from a JSON string
$conference_status_webhook = \FreeClimb\Api\ObjectSerializer::deserialize(
    json_decode($json),
    \FreeClimb\Api\Model\ConferenceStatusWebhook::class
);
```

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
